[XYZ] A Haunted house well known for its weird ass visual experiences, the only main reason this is being archived is because all the code ive written in this entire website was made with AI, because i had no experience with html or css, thats why in some parts there are some defects as well as the css being written inside of the html.
If anything this was a cool little project for a bit however it killed the entire reason i wanted a website in the first place, which was to advertise my social media, music, art, and so on so fourth. However i did archive this for people who want to experience XYZ in its formal glory, so thats what this repo is for. As for the main website i will learn more about html and css and instead of using chatgpt as my source of code i will be using my own fingers to type out this code and make it work. It wont be the same like XYZ but it will do one thing i want it to do, which is to advertise my social media's and music n such. I will need help though, but thats alrighty.

For the images that were used in this website were mostly taken online but as for the drawings used were actually mine, the music in the fight stuff was just reversed bullshit i thought would be "creepy", spoiler alert, it was not creepy at all, it was corny. 

In all serious terms if i ever decide to bring this series back, it will most likely be created by a team and not created by just me, since im not a programming genius i claim myself to be. And if not by a team, it will most likely take almost a couple of years to release due to the lore being fucked entirely since i have no idea how to create an ARG (if thats even the right term for it).
